Add type hints and more details on use of subpixel smoothing to tutorial on adjoint optimization (#2387)
NanoComp/meep: doc/docs/Python_Tutorials/Adjoint_Solver.md

  (CCSA) algorithm).

3. The edge of the design region is padded by a filter radius (rather
  than e.g., a single pixel) to produce measured minimum feature sizes
  of the final design that are consistent with the imposed constraint.

4. The hyperparameters of the feature-size constraint function
  (`a1`, `b1`, and `c0` in the `glc` function of the script below), need to
  be chosen carefully to produce final designs which do not
  significantly degrade the performance of the unconstrained designs
  at the start of the final epoch.

5. Damping of the design weights is used for the early epochs in which
  the $\beta$ parameter of the projection function is small (< ~50) and
  the design is mostly grayscale in order to induce binarization.

6. The subpixel-smoothing feature of the [`MaterialGrid`](../Python_User_Interface.md#materialgrid)
  is necessary whenever the $\beta$ parameter of the projection function
  is large (> ~50) and thus the design is binary (or nearly so). Without

>   subpixel smoothing, the computation of the adjoint gradients would
>   break down which in turn would spoil the optimization. When subpixel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  subpixel smoothing, then the gradients are mostly zero
 except for $\rho \approx \eta \pm 1/\beta$ where the derivatives
 and second derivatives blow up, causing optimization algorithms to break down. When subpixel
```
